

Revisit the book with parts relating to visual code.

Revisit page 123 & 124 catching exceptions.


8/30;
Finish Library tests then
When using division note that cannot divide by 0.

PUT a Test project in your Bank account.
    Write some test cases for the banking app.

Then work on Fibonacci and recursive.

---------------
8/31;

To get more practice, try to do Factorial without looking.
get to know recursion more.  But its not the most efficient way.

        the only time he did recursive fibonacci was a couple weeks ago.
        employer asked prior student if they could code it.

Read Chapter 5 tonight.
Read a part of Chapter 8 g 337 to 347.

-------
9/01;
Go to website list of names and create and Array, then try changing to a dictionary.
Or do a list of 100 numbers.

Microsoft Docs to browse through the lists, since we use it a ton.

Chapter 9 files pg 369 - skip writing to XML Streams
    optional page 386 Compressing Streams. skip Brotli Algor, skip Encoding/Decoding Text,
    skip Encoding strings as byte arrays. Econding/Decoding text, skip Serializing XML, 

    but read Serializing JSON.

    
9/07;

Add the Requests table class and controller.

Chapter 11 in book.  Tech we are going to use in Capstone.
466 to 499
exercise 11.2


show me the select statement that shows the total orders that are higher than the average of orders.
SELECT TotalInvoices
FROM Invoices
Where TotalInvoice > 
    (select TotalInvoice
    From Invoices
    Where AVG(totalinvoices));


USE KEYWORD this.Id = Id to tell the ID in this class. Since the parameter name is identical to property name.
Foreign Key to User so reference User.

on 9/15 start Capstone


LAMBDA
 string names = array of names.
var sortedNames = names.Orderby(n => n) //this means just sort the items in the list and it will be alphabetical.

9/08;
Go through the book and do anything for the Northwind DB in Chapter 11. pg 502


------------------

9/12/22

prior grad visit
    -uses Postman a lot
    -uses port forwarding to test things before pushing live.
    -website on onehost
            -had two projects, poker and three part poker?
            -main page about me, projects.

    -bootcamp was way more difficult
        -more coding
        -in job you do research, check out what you need gather information, flow chart.
        -coding is the least part of his day
        -on team of people with 4 to 5 other engineers.  Mentor and project manager.
        -his mentor is self taught developer from military. first couple weeks just watching.
        -hardest part is picking up each company syntax.
    
    -check out Code coverage, how testing works and why we do testing.

    -offered intern spot
    -others offered jr developer spots
    -there are apprentice programs 
        -but pay wayyy waaaayyy less like 60% less.

9/12/22

Practice creating classes with a constructor and passing values in.
    constructors are for giving properties value when a new instance is created.


Do the order, orderdetail and Product.

9/13/22
add a new branch to you repository, if soemthing goes sideways you still have the original.

9/14/22
tonight go through WebAPITutorial and browse through to look at different parts that maybe 
you dont understand.

9/16/22
Set up WebAPITutorial and used Postman today. Can check video if needed.


in capstone you cannot use any one elses code and cannot turn to collegues. 

